switching mouse keys
	possible through mouse softwear?
	
desktop shortcuts for workspaces in vscode
	keyboard shortcut to make new note

video idea, showing of unkown softwear suits, like that one i just discovered with tiny nice small exes

export and import autoruns 

* observation when in autruns
	interesting with the paths to the dlls and exes for everything, wonder if it one could used more efficently

* should have git as a Path in regedit, variable that is.

* couldn't one develop a drug to reduce the feeling of dissapointment just as one can reduce the fealing of angst? could help anancastic people a bit maybe


* autoPopulate a github page with currently installed browser extensions and allow following and descriptions.
	like call it, 
		Extension Journal
	newly added extensions should get the store description, icon, then empty feald for personal comment, disable enable status, taggs.


* observation
	edge hsa "activate extension" with shortcuts, could be used for some sort of workflow managing scheme.

* mousekey managing
	assign special puttons keyboard keys seldomly used,
		then use autohotkey to detect windochange and intuperate accordingly.
		create module * listen to keys{} then add profiles to swtich to when what window come in focus.
	maybe a standard profile to fall back to if not recognized, a switch statement.

* add lazy load js to to resource intensive chrome extensions?


* video idea 
	Series - Automating monotunus tasks series
		- why i love my macro mouse

* could falloutpatching be done with help of python image recognition through colour recognition? drag line to x etc.
	probably possible through smash patch source and such easier

use vortex as my general version resolve util.
	python enviorment,
	NPM PACKAGES
	portable apps
	renpy games
	warhammer40k
	different browser extensions.


automatik portable or contanierizer install through app
	use bare minimum, then run install, catch error, outoresolve error with downloading dependensies, switching core components
	redue till no error detetected, then ask to run to validate by user, and gather info if required.

nexus plugin
	show last update date
	filter by complete tagcloud at nexus
	mod recomendations and downlaods based on profile similarity in showcase

scriptify most things spanning large quantities on each item
	like respawnsystem
	or women of fnv
	or npvs wear

make new lists instead of using separate items to npc inventories
	add woodscrap to any cookable or meltable recepie
	add mass processing of such things as brass casiting

weapon reblance mod boasts about using scripts to fix things, gotta look how 

such xerox scann printer could be cool even in todays studies, maybe it could be rebuilt with a arduino nano

